I would now like to invite you
to take part in a creative Blue
Sky thinking studio activity
that focuses on your interests.
The goal is to identify a minimum
viable product to target for innovation.
We begin by defining the customer.
Produce one slide that illustrates
one or two personas of end consumers
that your business serves.
Once you've done this,
draft narratives that explain a
typical day for your end consumers
in which they interact with
solutions that your business has
made a valuable contribution.
Next, create flow diagrams of
the day's activities from the
narrative that illustrates the
journeys for your end consumers.
At each flow diagram to separate slide.
Finally, rank the activities in
terms of how satisfying they are
for your end consumers at these
rankings to the flow diagrams.
Now we need to build the context.
First, define the actors that support
the activities of your end consumers
journey through a typical day.
Remember to include the in consumer
your company, suppliers, partners,
competitors and influences.
Now we can re imagine your customers journey.
Reflecting on the previous task,
have a dream?
Yes, a dream about alternative
narratives for your customers.
Journeys under circumstances of
complete digital transformation.
Create flow diagrams of these re imagined
journeys for you and consumers at each
flow diagram to a separate slide.
As a last step.
Mark one of these activities in the Re
imagined journeys that you believe will
be most satisfying for the consumer.
This activity might be a good candidate
for your minimum viable product.
I hope this has helped provide
you with some inspiration.